The surfer endured the tuxedo but felt very uncomfortable.
The surfer wore the tuxedo but felt very uncomfortable.
The surfer rented the tuxedo but felt very uncomfortable.
The secretary began the memo before the annual sales conference.
The secretary typed the memo before the annual sales conference.
The secretary read the memo before the annual sales conference.
The pilot mastered the airplane and moved on to the helicopter.
The pilot flew the airplane and moved on to the helicopter.
The pilot landed the airplane and moved on to the helicopter.
The author was starting the book in his house on the island.
The author was writing the book in his house on the island.
The author was reading the book in his house on the island.
The soldier attempted the mountain as part of his training.
The soldier climbed the mountain as part of his training.
The soldier scaled the mountain as part of his training.
The artist began the portrait in his studio in the city.
The artist painted the portrait in his studio in the city.
The artist analyzed the portrait in his studio in the city.
The doctor expected the report before the patient returned for further tests.
The doctor received the report before the patient returned for further tests.
The doctor composed the report before the patient returned for further tests.
The chef started the dinner long before any guests arrived.
The chef prepared the dinner long before any guests arrived.
The chef ate the dinner long before any guests arrived.
The pilot preferred the biplane with the bright red tail.
The pilot flew the biplane with the bright red tail.
The pilot landed the biplane with the bright red tail.
The composer started the symphony at the concert in the park.
The composer wrote the symphony at the concert in the park.
The composer directed the symphony at the concert in the park.
The receiver tried the door to the basement.
The receiver opened the door to the basement.
The receiver closed the door to the basement.
The customer started the dinner at the new French restaurant.
The customer ate the dinner at the new French restaurant.
The customer ordered the dinner at the new French restaurant.
The nurse preferred the velvet and the jet black silk.
The nurse wore the velvet and the jet black silk.
The nurse felt the velvet and the jet black silk.
The builder started the house after the last of the snow melted.
The builder built the house after the last of the snow melted.
The builder demolished the house after the last of the snow melted.
The waitress started the coffee before she went home for the night.
The waitress poured the coffee before she went home for the night.
The waitress drank the coffee before she went home for the night.
The writer finished the novel before going on vacation in Mexico.
The writer wrote the novel before going on vacation in Mexico.
The writer reviewed the novel before going on vacation in Mexico.
The composer was attempting the solo before the spring concert.
The composer was composing the solo before the spring concert.
The composer was singing the solo before the spring concert.
The teenager started the novel about things that happened in the high school.
The teenager read the novel about things that happened in the high school.
The teenager wrote the novel about things that happened in the high school.
The dieter resisted the ice cream at her niece's birthday party.
The dieter ate the ice cream at her niece's birthday party.
The dieter bought the ice cream at her niece's birthday party.
The cook savored the spice at the restaurant on the corner.
The cook tasted the spice at the restaurant on the corner.
The cook bought the spice at the restaurant on the corner.
The architect started the house in his studio downtown.
The architect designed the house in his studio downtown.
The architect planned the house in his studio downtown.
The teacher was enjoying the sandwich in the lunch room.
The teacher was eating the sandwich in the lunch room.
The teacher was serving the sandwich in the lunch room.
The professor survived the dentist the other day.
The professor visited the dentist the other day.
The professor advised the dentist the other day.
The diner was starting the meal at the counter in the back.
The diner was eating the meal at the counter in the back.
The diner was making the meal at the counter in the back.
The girl preferred the sandals with the thick leather sole.
The girl wore the sandals with the thick leather sole.
The girl bought the sandals with the thick leather sole.
The worker began the memo to the district managers.
The worker read the memo to the district managers.
The worker wrote the memo to the district managers.
The engineer started the memo late at night in his home office.
The engineer wrote the memo late at night in his home office.
The engineer read the memo late at night in his home office.
The cook started the meal at the restaurant near the river.
The cook prepared the meal at the restaurant near the river.
The cook served the meal at the restaurant near the river.
The student began the book late in the semester.
The student read the book late in the semester.
The student wrote the book late in the semester.
The lawyer preferred the convertible with the yellow racing stripe.
The lawyer drove the convertible with the yellow racing stripe.
The lawyer parked the convertible with the yellow racing stripe.
The pupil started the test in the chemistry lab.
The pupil took the test in the chemistry lab.
The pupil wrote the test in the chemistry lab.
The pianist began the symphony in a nearly empty concert hall.
The pianist played the symphony in a nearly empty concert hall.
The pianist composed the symphony in a nearly empty concert hall.
The banker started the coffee late in the afternoon.
The banker drank the coffee late in the afternoon.
The banker brewed the coffee late in the afternoon.
